Psalm 132 a song of a sense Lord
remember David and all his afflictions
now he swore to the Lord and vowed to
the Mighty One of Jacob surely I will
not go into the chamber of my house or
go up to the comfort of my bed I will
not give sleep to my eyes or slumber to
my eyelids until I find a place for the
Lord a dwelling place for the Mighty One
of Jacob behold we heard of it in
Ephrata we found it in the fields of the
woods let us go into his tabernacle let
us worship at his footstool arise O Lord
to your resting place you and the Ark of
your strength let your priests be
clothed with righteousness and let your
saints shout for joy for your servant
David's sake do not turn away the face
of your anointed the Lord has sworn in
truth to David he will not turn from it
I will set upon your throne the fruit of
your body if your sons will keep my
covenant and my testimony which I shall
teach them their sons also shall sit
upon your throne forevermore for the
Lord has chosen Zion he has desired it
for his dwelling place this is my
resting place forever here I will dwell
for I have desired it
I will abundantly bless her provision I
will satisfy her poor with bread
I will also clothe her priests with
salvation and her Saints shall shout
aloud for joy there I will make the Horn
of David grow I will prepare a lamp for
my anointed his enemies I will clothed
with shame but upon himself his crown
shall flourish
[Music]